write public announcement post (#99)
astrolicious/dotdev: apps/site/src/content/blog/astrolicious-evolved.mdx

---
title: "Astrolicious: Evolved"
draft: false
publishDate: 2024-09-18
authors:
  - name: Alexander Niebuhr
    url: https://github.com/alexanderniebuhr
  - name: Florian Lefebvre
    url: https://github.com/florian-lefebvre
---

## We are growing 🌱 🌿 🌳

> Astrolicious is growing daily, we have gathered over 100 members on our [Discord](https://chat.astrolicious.dev) server and we are excited to see the enthusiasm inside our community. People are sharing their ideas, asking questions and helping each other with their own blog posts, tutorials or examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astrolicious is growing daily! We have gathered over 100 members on our [Discord](https://chat.astrolicious.dev) server and we are excited to see the enthusiasm inside our community. People are sharing their ideas, asking questions and helping each other with their own blog posts, tutorials or examples.
```
Either a colon, or start a new sentence like "Astrolicious is growing daily! We have gathered..."

> Additionally we have continued our efforts to get more community members involved with decision making, so we are proud to announce that [Fryuni (Luiz Ferraz)](https://github.com/fryuni), has joined the team to shape our future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, in our continued our efforts to get more community members involved with decision making, we are proud to announce that [Fryuni (Luiz Ferraz)](https://github.com/fryuni), has joined the team to help shape our future.
```
I love Fryuni as much as the next person, but I *assume* you haven't given him free rein here.... 😅

> ## Sunsetting Maintenace Efforts 🌇

Reviewer 2: typo:
```suggestion
## Sunsetting Maintenance Efforts 🌇
```

> Despite the momentum, we have struggled with our dream to offer shared maintenance to our projects. We can't commit to provide maintenance in an amount, we think is necessery for projects to succeed and grow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Despite the momentum, we have struggled with our dream to offer shared maintenance to our projects. We can't commit to provide enough maintenance we think is necessary for projects to succeed and grow.
```

Reviewer 2: Another suggestion (feel free to ignore, I'm not the best person to judge grammar/wording in English 😉 )
```suggestion
Despite the momentum, we have struggled with our dream to offer shared maintenance to our projects. We can't commit to providing the necessary maintenance for projects to succeed and grow.
```

> We have made a tough decision. We are sunsetting our shared code maintance efforts with immediate effect. That means there are not any Astrolicious maintained code project anymore. But our current [projects](/projects) will stay part of Astrolicious and will continue to be maintained by their original authors and engaged community members.

Reviewer 2: typo:
```suggestion
We have made a tough decision. We are sunsetting our shared code maintenance efforts with immediate effect. That means there are not any Astrolicious maintained code project anymore. But our current [projects](/projects) will stay part of Astrolicious and will continue to be maintained by their original authors and engaged community members.
```

> We have made a tough decision. We are sunsetting our shared code maintance efforts with immediate effect. That means there are not any Astrolicious maintained code project anymore. But our current [projects](/projects) will stay part of Astrolicious and will continue to be maintained by their original authors and engaged community members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have made a tough decision. We are sunsetting our shared code maintenance efforts, effective immediately. This means there are no longer any Astrolicious maintained community code projects. But our own [project initiatives](/projects) will stay part of Astrolicious and will continue to be maintained by their original authors and engaged community members.
```
Not exactly sure how you want to refer to the things that are gone and the things that stay, but that could be one way. I'm assuming you mean "the projects we initiated" are staying and "projects who came to find a home here" are the ones that have left.

> Astrolicious doubles down on content creation and community building. We will offer a Hub to connect the ecosystem, bringing together project authors, Astro users, and content creators. We will continue to create content for Astro Tips, offer a _validated_ [projects list](/projects), help content creators to get discovered, and explore new ways to provide valuable content to our own and Astro community.

Reviewer 3: I would make this a new section with more details

> Astrolicious doubles down on content creation and community building. We will offer a Hub to connect the ecosystem, bringing together project authors, Astro users, and content creators. We will continue to create content for Astro Tips, offer a _validated_ [projects list](/projects), help content creators to get discovered, and explore new ways to provide valuable content to our own and Astro community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Our new focus

Astrolicious is doubling down on **content creation and community building**.

We will offer a Hub to connect the ecosystem, bringing together project authors, Astro users, and content creators. We will continue to create content for Astro Tips, offer a _validated_ [projects list](/projects), help content creators to get discovered, and explore new ways to provide valuable content to our own and Astro community.
```
That could be the heading Armand was looking for!

## Building in Public 📢

> We have decided to share as much as possible about our journey publicly. This starts with our [public roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/astrolicious/projects/1) and public [organisational meetings](https://discord.com/events/1217527207467946087/1285303597181177958). We are not stopping there, we will continue to share our learnings, insights and decisions transparently on this [blog](/blog). Additionally we are planning to have weekly content creation events on our Discord, to engage with our community.

Reviewer 3: Worth linking to the events?

> We have decided to share as much as possible about our journey publicly. This starts with our [public roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/astrolicious/projects/1) and public [organisational meetings](https://discord.com/events/1217527207467946087/1285303597181177958). We are not stopping there, we will continue to share our learnings, insights and decisions transparently on this [blog](/blog). Additionally we are planning to have weekly content creation events on our Discord, to engage with our community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have decided to share as much as possible about our journey publicly. This starts with our [public roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/astrolicious/projects/1) and public [organisational meetings](https://discord.com/events/1217527207467946087/1285303597181177958).

We are not stopping there! We will continue to share our learnings, insights and decisions transparently on this [blog](/blog). Additionally we are planning to have weekly content creation events on our Discord, to engage with our community.
```

> We are excited to see what the future holds for Astrolicious, hoping y'all join us on this adventure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to see what the future holds for Astrolicious, and are hoping y'all join us on this adventure.
```

---

> title: "Astrolicious: Evolved"

Reviewer 3: wdyt about "Astrolicious evolves"?

draft: false
publishDate: 2024-09-18
authors:
  - name: Alexander Niebuhr
    url: https://github.com/alexanderniebuhr
  - name: Florian Lefebvre
    url: https://github.com/florian-lefebvre
---

> ## We are growing 🌱 🌿 🌳
> 
> Astrolicious is growing daily! We have gathered over 100 members on our [Discord](https://chat.astrolicious.dev) server and we are excited to see the enthusiasm inside our community. People are sharing their ideas, asking questions and helping each other with their own blog posts, tutorials or examples.
> 
> Additionally, in our continued our efforts to get more community members involved with decision making, we are proud to announce that [Fryuni (Luiz Ferraz)](https://github.com/fryuni), has joined the team to help shape our future.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Astrolicious is growing daily! We have gathered over 100 members on our [Discord](https://chat.astrolicious.dev) server and we are excited to see the enthusiasm inside our community. People are sharing their ideas, asking questions and helping each other with their own blog posts, tutorials or examples.

Additionally, in our continued our efforts to get more community members involved with decision making, we are proud to announce that [Fryuni (Luiz Ferraz)](https://github.com/fryuni) has joined the team to help shape our future.
```

## Sunsetting Maintenance Efforts 🌇

Despite the momentum, we have struggled with our dream to offer shared maintenance to our projects. We can't commit to providing the necessary maintenance for projects to succeed and grow.

We have made a tough decision. We are sunsetting our shared code maintenance efforts, effective immediately. This means there is no longer any Astrolicious code maintenance. But our all the [projects](/projects) will stay part of Astrolicious and will continue to be maintained by their original authors and engaged community members.

> ## Our new focus

Reviewer 3: Probably need an emoji there
